yep what's up subbies in all my viewers
and hello world youtube facebook
everything myspace if you still on honey
anyways issue girl sincere rocket coming
at you today with what my famous red
hair as you guys see it is super long
and it is wavy and you know a little
messy cuz I like big hair but I like
messy here i'm not a neat type of chick
you know where it floats your boat but
anyways guys i am on the set of my video
back on the scene for you to people who
don't really know about me as an artist
make sure you visit sincere calm
youtube.com slash sincere 21 itunes
everything just google sincere rocket
but anyways guys i'm coming to you that
today because i colored this hair bright
red yes it is very customized and a lot
of people say well why did you do that
you can go and buy right here and this
is that well that's not always true
especially when you want 24 inches of
what red fabulous fire hot hair okay so
what I did was I got the human hair it
started off as one beat and I lifted it
I lifted it with a professional product
and then I deposited the rest very red
on there using the splat color you can
get that at your local walgreens or any
kind of drug store you know and by me
being a cosmetologist yes I know I
shouldn't use the walgreens brand or
whatever but who freakin care is like if
you want something bright and hot hey
walgreens did it for me baby okay or
maybe even your local beauty supply just
depends on where you're located as far
as the curls the curls are like um
really really pretty okay what I did was
I use my wand and I will do it tutorial
later on how to use the wand and how to
get these curls and tease it all up so
to get this big look it started off as a
little way I bent down shake it bring it
back up finger combed it easy and all
that other good shape okay
so I love you guys thank you so so much
please do not get upset with me for not
responding to some of your comments or
your inbox is ok you guys know
especially people who do tutorials that
it is so many comments sometimes YouTube
is so stupid and it doesn't even show up
ok but I love you guys very very much
and be patient with me and remember to
keep subscribe you keep supporting me
god bless you in peace on